Update module.md, README.md and package.md (#7)
ballerina-platform/module-ballerinax-persist.inmemory: ballerina/Module.md

# Module Overview

> This module provides in-memory table support for the `bal persist` feature, which provides functionality to store and query data from a relational database conveniently through a data model.

Author: ```suggestion
This module provides in-memory table support for the `bal persist` feature, which provides functionality to store and query data from a in-memory tables conveniently through a data model.
```
